How git push, git pull, and git fetch are related
The git pull, git fetch, and git pull commands are fundamental in placing and retrieving remote information in GitHub. 
	Git push – uploads changes from a local branch to a remote repository
	Git fetch – downloads changes from a remote repository into a tracking branch
	Git pull – downloads changes from a remote repository into a tracking branch and then merges them into a local branch
The git fetch and git pull commands both download new data from a remote branch. But because git pull merges downloaded changes into a local branch, this command causes two commands to execute. First, git fetch downloads content from a specified remote repository and then git merge merges the remote content into a new local branch.
The git push and git pull commands are often viewed as equivalents, except git pull performs two functions instead of one. The git push command determines if a tracking branch exists for a remote repository, which connects to our current branch. If the tracking branch exists, GitHub pushes changes from our branch into the remote branch. This is how code is shared between a local repository and a remote repository. You can think of it as making the remote branch match the content in your local branch. This matching of branches fails if the remote branch has diverged from your local branch—if not all commits in the remote branch are in your local branch. When this happens, synchronize your local branch with the remote branch using git pull or git fetch and git merge. The git fetch command again determines if a tracking branch exists for your current branch. If the tracking branch exists, GitHub pulls any changes from the remote branch into the tracking branch. GitHub does not change your local branch. To make this change, execute git merge origin/master (for the master branch) to merge changes into your local branch, which may also be named master. Recall that git pull causes git fetch to execute followed by git merge. This is often desirable, but you can directly use git fetch followed by git merge to ensure users understand the changes they’re merging into their branch before the merge happens.
